plugins/modules/k8s.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/k8s.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/openshift_process.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/openshift_route.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_route.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_route.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_route.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/k8s.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/k8s.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/k8s.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/k8s.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_process.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_process.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_process.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_process.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_groups_sync.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_groups_sync.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_groups_sync.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_groups_sync.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_migrate_template_instances.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_migrate_template_instances.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_migrate_template_instances.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_migrate_template_instances.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_prune_auth.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_prune_auth.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_prune_auth.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_prune_auth.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_prune_deployments.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_prune_deployments.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_prune_deployments.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_prune_deployments.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_prune_images.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_prune_images.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_prune_images.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_prune_images.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_auth.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_auth.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_auth.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_auth.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_import_image.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_import_image.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_import_image.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_import_image.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_registry_info.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_registry_info.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_registry_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_registry_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/k8s.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/k8s.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/k8s.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/k8s.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_process.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_process.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_process.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_process.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_adm_prune_auth.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_adm_prune_auth.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_adm_prune_auth.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_adm_prune_auth.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_adm_prune_deployments.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_adm_prune_deployments.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_adm_prune_deployments.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_adm_prune_deployments.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_ldap.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_ldap.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_ldap.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_ldap.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_adm_prune_images.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_adm_prune_images.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_adm_prune_images.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_adm_prune_images.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_docker_image.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_docker_image.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_docker_image.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_docker_image.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_import_image.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_import_image.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_import_image.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_import_image.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_groups.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_groups.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_groups.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_groups.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_images_common.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_images_common.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_images_common.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_images_common.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_registry.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_registry.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_registry.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_registry.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_builds.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_builds.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_builds.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/openshift_builds.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_build.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_build.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_build.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_build.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_prune_builds.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_prune_builds.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_prune_builds.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/openshift_adm_prune_builds.py compile-3.5!skip